net.thempra.yocaina.DataActivity
net.thempra.yocaina.DataActivity: DataActivity()
net.thempra.yocaina.MainActivity
net.thempra.yocaina.MainActivity: MainActivity()
net.thempra.yocaina.MainActivity: void onClick(android.view.View)
net.thempra.yocaina.R$drawable: int background
net.thempra.yocaina.R$drawable: int black_button
net.thempra.yocaina.R$drawable: int black_button_disable
net.thempra.yocaina.R$drawable: int button_black
net.thempra.yocaina.R$drawable: int button_black_tap
net.thempra.yocaina.R$drawable: int button_blacktap
net.thempra.yocaina.R$drawable: int cell_shape_data
net.thempra.yocaina.R$drawable: int cell_shape_head
net.thempra.yocaina.R$drawable: int clone
net.thempra.yocaina.R$drawable: int decode
net.thempra.yocaina.R$drawable: int dump
net.thempra.yocaina.R$drawable: int icon
net.thempra.yocaina.R$drawable: int other
net.thempra.yocaina.R$drawable: int repo
net.thempra.yocaina.R$drawable: int scan
net.thempra.yocaina.R$id: int LinearLayoutButtons
net.thempra.yocaina.R$id: int btnDownload
net.thempra.yocaina.R$id: int btn_clone
net.thempra.yocaina.R$id: int btn_decode
net.thempra.yocaina.R$id: int btn_dump
net.thempra.yocaina.R$id: int btn_other
net.thempra.yocaina.R$id: int btn_repository
net.thempra.yocaina.R$id: int btn_scan
net.thempra.yocaina.R$id: int cmbCardsDialog
net.thempra.yocaina.R$id: int linearLayout1
net.thempra.yocaina.R$id: int status_data
net.thempra.yocaina.R$id: int status_label
net.thempra.yocaina.R$id: int tableStatus
net.thempra.yocaina.R$id: int tblGeneral
net.thempra.yocaina.R$id: int txBienvenida
net.thempra.yocaina.R$id: int txPerfil
net.thempra.yocaina.R$id: int txtDebug
net.thempra.yocaina.R$id: int txtURL
net.thempra.yocaina.R$id: int viewScan
net.thempra.yocaina.R$layout: int cmb_mifare_cards
net.thempra.yocaina.R$layout: int dataactivity
net.thempra.yocaina.R$layout: int mainactivity
net.thempra.yocaina.R$layout: int repositoryactivity
net.thempra.yocaina.R$layout: int table_section_data
net.thempra.yocaina.R$layout: int table_section_header
net.thempra.yocaina.R$string: int and_try_again
net.thempra.yocaina.R$string: int app_name
net.thempra.yocaina.R$string: int authFailed
net.thempra.yocaina.R$string: int block
net.thempra.yocaina.R$string: int blockFailed
net.thempra.yocaina.R$string: int cardsAvailable
net.thempra.yocaina.R$string: int clone
net.thempra.yocaina.R$string: int currentStatus
net.thempra.yocaina.R$string: int decode
net.thempra.yocaina.R$string: int developing
net.thempra.yocaina.R$string: int download
net.thempra.yocaina.R$string: int dump
net.thempra.yocaina.R$string: int dumpToFile
net.thempra.yocaina.R$string: int dumped
net.thempra.yocaina.R$string: int dumped_error
net.thempra.yocaina.R$string: int errorReading
net.thempra.yocaina.R$string: int neardevice
net.thempra.yocaina.R$string: int noCards
net.thempra.yocaina.R$string: int notImplemented
net.thempra.yocaina.R$string: int ok
net.thempra.yocaina.R$string: int online
net.thempra.yocaina.R$string: int other
net.thempra.yocaina.R$string: int reading
net.thempra.yocaina.R$string: int readyScan
net.thempra.yocaina.R$string: int repository
net.thempra.yocaina.R$string: int scan
net.thempra.yocaina.R$string: int scanTag
net.thempra.yocaina.R$string: int section
net.thempra.yocaina.R$string: int selectCard
net.thempra.yocaina.R$string: int tagRead
net.thempra.yocaina.R$string: int title
net.thempra.yocaina.R$style: int button_black
net.thempra.yocaina.R$style: int button_black_disable
net.thempra.yocaina.R$style: int table_data
net.thempra.yocaina.R$style: int table_header
net.thempra.yocaina.R$xml: int nfc_tech_filter
net.thempra.yocaina.RepositoryActivity
net.thempra.yocaina.RepositoryActivity: RepositoryActivity()
